Connect-query release update (#111)
connectrpc/connectrpc.com: docs/web/query.mdx

---
title: Connect for TanStack Query
sidebar_position: 100
---

> Connect-Query is an wrapper around [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query) (react-query), written in TypeScript and thoroughly tested. It enables effortless communication with servers that speak the [Connect Protocol](https://connectrpc.com/docs/protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect-Query is a wrapper around [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query) (formerly React Query), written in TypeScript and thoroughly tested. It enables effortless communication with servers that speak the [Connect Protocol](https://connectrpc.com/docs/protocol).
```
